15 ContributorsIon Memba Lyrics[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Umm
I'm drawing a blank
So many drugs, I done did
I don't 'member

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
It's like I'm in the Twilight Zone
I'm like gone, I might bone
Back in the day but now my eyesight's blown
Comin' to see me 'cause of my microphone
'Cause I write songs and now they wanna try right wrongs
I don't 'member none of that, ain't no filler from a cat
That be off on another level for me to wanna spat
With somebody from a chat that is bringing summer back
Ten years later because a nigga sung a rap
But I listen to me, I am different
So I don't know what you think is fixing to be
When I was twisting, you is nonexistent to me
And now the word can't, it is missing the T
Missing the T, but it ain't him
When you was sipping the D and it bang trim
Ain't no mixing with me on the gang brim
Lot of chicks in the sea but I can't swim
Bitches sending me pics like, "Remember this?"
With a pic of they private, then send a kiss
I don't try to remember or reminisce
Oh yeah, it smell like when I catch and skin a fish
Memories escape me, when I take G
Mixed with molly and probably some AC
ID pasties, so fucked up Yates be
Don't give you no valid reason to hate me
I don't try to diss
Messed up, I don't remember a lot of shit
Don't be mad at me 'cause I ain't giving a cock to kiss
Anymore, don't owe anybody a pot of piss
That's enough to have Tech hate it
I don't remember us X-rated
My brain is so drugged and cess plated
I don't really know what you be meaning when screaming that we sex made it
How the hell when I bust seeds off in her mouth
Off in her mouth, off in her mouth, she's impregnated?
I don't know what the fuck
She talking about, talking about, talking about, no
You might also like[Chorus: Tech N9ne]
You 'member this? You 'member that? You 'member us? You 'member back?
I don't 'member
You 'member we both on the 'yac, then headed back and we hit the sack?
I don't 'member
You pulling that new stupid act due to the fact you super rap, who are you to cap?
You knew me then, don't know me now
Used to be friend, used to be down
I don't 'member

[Verse 2: C-Mob]
Look, some people from the past still living in a mess, so stressed
And they see your life is less grotesque
So they wonder how did you get so blessed?
And their envy is up alas, they will bring up the past
Hoping that you retrogress
That'll make you really wanna check those pests
Mad 'cause you kick it with the best, no less
The divine kind, I define grind 'cause I'm dying trying
Rhymes shine from my mind, I'm like an Einstein from the grime, I'm prime, climb on the timeline
Get better with age every day like a fine wine
But they wanna try to bring back
Memories of when I was a dingbat
Sling crack, do it all for the greenbacks
But I don't remember anything that
They talk to me of debauchery
Well, my bad, my memory's awful, G
Now ease off of me, I think maybe when you see me
You don't wanna be reminded of your mediocrity
You keep stopping me
Bringing up shit to bring me down a notch
'Cause in the past, I been down a lot
But now it goes up and you're hoping that my crown'll drop
And that my sound'll stop, but see, I work hard and hustle
Around the clock, I got the town on lock
Marion, Indiana, you down or not?
Well if so, quit coming around with toxic
Energy, 'cause I'll mentally block it
Talk shit and you can get a snake bite pronto
Tryna fuck with the Snake and Bat, you'll get shit on
Great white guano
[Chorus: Tech N9ne]
You 'member this? You 'member that? You 'member us? You 'member back?
I don't 'member
You 'member we both on the 'yac, then headed back and we hit the sack?
I don't 'member
You pulling that new stupid act due to the fact you super rap, who are you to cap?
You knew me then, don't know me now
Used to be friend, used to be down
I don't 'member

[Outro: Krizz Kaliko]
Oh, not me
You got me
Got me mixed up
I drunk elixir
Now you get stuck
On reminiscin'Embed