54 ContributorsEnd of Daze Lyrics[Intro]
I don't even wanna work

[Chorus: Doctur Dot, JID, Mereba, Johnny Venus]
It's the end of days, end of times
My, oh my
Up in a blaze, you can't hide (Can't hide)
Why oh why? All the kids afraid, momma cries
God packed His bags and said, "Bye-bye"
God packed Her bags and said, "Bye-bye"
Why, why, why?

[Verse 1: Doctur Dot]
Before it's all said and done, I'ma spend this money
'Fore it's all said and done, I'ma fuck these hoes
And I ain't pullin' out shit but the chopper, though
I end the weak like domingo and sábado
No petty shit when you can see it's bigger problems, bro
But I'm a nigga, I'll kill you, you know how it go
Nonchalant on most occasions, apocalypse no different
It take a lot to phase him, take even more to kill him
I watch, but I don't listen, a ox, I'm pullin' wagons
My mama birthed a nigga with the spirit of a dragon
On the last day of the calendar, I live like an assassin
I'ma pray before we go down with the planet
Drank some, smoke some, fuck some, yum-yum
'Fore it's all done, tell one you love one
You might also like[Bridge: Doctur Dot, Mereba, Johnny Venus, JID]
Drank some, smoke some, fuck some (Yeah, uh)
'Fore it's all done, tell one you love one (Look, uh)

[Verse 2: JID]
When I make it to the heavens, what's the code? Do I call a phone?
Security at the gate, no plus one, come all alone?
All along the race of life, I took a jog alone
Along the coast, I'm tryna cope, I raise a toast
And we consulted with the Most High
She told me watch my back, front, both sides
Hit a few baddies you never smashed 'fore y'all both die
Let the smoke rise, take the bodies to the crypts
And when the poor people run out of food, they can eat the rich
Plead the four-fifth, drop one, zombies on the block
See, I come with the shot, like Siakam, I pop
I got this Glock from my pops, it make the parking lot stop
We on the clock and time tock-tickin', have you forgotten that...

[Chorus: Doctur Dot, JID, Mereba, Johnny Venus]
It's the end of days, end of times (Yeah, yeah)
My, oh my
Up in a blaze, you can't hide (Can't hide)
Why oh why? All the kids afraid, momma cries
God packed His bags and said, "Bye-bye"
God packed Her bags and said, "Bye-bye"
Why, why, why?
[Verse 3: Mereba]
It's been like apocalypse since I was on the teat
Reagan worked for Satan how he preyed upon the meek
Ask too many questions, do you work for the police?
They took brother Nipsey, what a pity for the streets
World wan' give me stress, that's why I chief upon my tree
Disconnected from the system like a Wii (Uh, uh)
Niggas out in Paris, tell 'em ride, they tell me, "Oui" (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Fuck with any kinfolk, you gon' have to get through we (Yeah, yeah)

[Verse 4: Jurdan Bryant]
Lived life in cycles, been here before
Watch the sunrise, reading The Art of War
I was torn between the truth and what could save me
What is bravery?
We need better defense, who is my safety?
In the field where people kill family to make a play
I had twenty-six years on Earth, I made the way
From the other side, from where they poppin' wheelies 'til the sun go down
It's always love when I come around
This not for nothin', seen it comin' since the ultrasound
A man of the cloth, code, criminal-minded culprit on the move
Umbilical cut, force-fed all of the rules (Yeah, yeah)
Paid all of the dues (Yeah, yeah), I need the receipts
I need to recoup (Yeah, yeah)
[Verse 5: Hollywood JB]
Feelin' like the Lord left the room
Dead bodies risin' from the tomb
Damn, Daniel, is we finna meet our MF DOOM?
Mask on, mask off, face the future like high noon
The news keep on sayin' we'll die soon
So sit back and roll up to my tunes
And if I'm gone before the end of the song
Just tell my mom I ain't get rich yet, but I tried to
Shit, I need a new planet to fly to

[Chorus: Doctur Dot, JID, Mereba, Johnny Venus]
It's the end of days, end of times
My, oh my
Up in a blaze, you can't hide (Can't hide)
Why oh why? All the kids afraid, momma cries
God packed His bags and said, "Bye-bye"
God packed Her bags and said, "Bye-bye"
Why, why, why?

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 6: Johnny Venus]
Hey-ey-ey-ey
The heavens in the sky start to cry as we look for love
Dying deep inside, lonely kisses and empty hugs
Why do we live on the surface
When our hearts search for the deep?
Please forgive me, babe, I'm nervous
Scared to go to sleep
Perfection is the goal these days
But I want something pure
All that life throws our ways
A love that will endure15Embed