You chasin' that glitz and that glamor, not I, I'm chasin' that guap
I'm lookin' like Joe Budden chasin' 'em kids
With them cameras with rocks, racin' that clock
Plus I dress spectacular, havin' an adverse effect on wackness
Last verse leave headless rappers
Blast first, ask questions after, 'cept I don't ask no questions
I'm just like a terrorist
If I like her pics, my wife likes her dead
I only dick down bad ass black bitches
But I'm quick to flip like Chris Brown
And aim straight for that white girl head (woah)
If she Spanish, I am papi
I probly hypnotized her like the eye of Hopsin
Y'all guys, y'all been robbed a bunch of times
But, not I, I am Ryan Lochte
I kick down doors, true 6 Mile boy
Part of a breed that never existed before
You the last of a dying copy
Here to shake the game with my vibration, uh
I used to dream about just makin' plain paper clean without traces
But now shit done changed
Now I just make paper plane, like Roc Nation
If you niggas start with me
I'll leave you stiff as khakis with the starcher crease
Nigga the art is key, it's important to me you don't win against me
It's more to me than just Benz's and Jeeps
It's more to me than just a Eminem beef
Even though these weirdos hard to please
I got Moses at my show pointin', goin', "Heed apart the sea!"
I don't wear no condoms, what the fuck are condoms?
I don't trust no rappers, I don't fuck behind 'em
I go Kobe, Steph, LeBron and shoot my shot and
Hit it with no second sniffers
I only go for seconds at the bed and breakfast
Fuckin', hollerin' nothin', yellin', "Nothin's promised!"
That's 'cause I'm fuckin' hot as the Bahamas (Woo!)
That's 'cause I'm hot as the Bahamas
I been makin' money hand over fist fast
I send your baby mama home
With a condition called Land Rover whiplash
'Cause I let it go hammy 'til she drain my vehicle battery
Gave me like three or four cavities
From wearin' edible panties (achoo!) I gotta be in broke allergy
Being locale and mortality don't resonate with a super human being
I used to shoot and spin
And keep shootin', now I'm doin' shoots for Spin & GQ (Errt!)
Ooh, tire marks skid
Roof's see through, fly alcoholic, rich dude recluse
Crack a dollar on my wrist with these jewels
She said she love me, told the bitch, "Bitch, me too!"
This is what happens when you hear three kings on a track
My style is one of one and undercomin'
Wasn't shit before it
I sat in these sessions until I turn to rigor mortis
The architect of artful tact, I'm not a dime, I'm off of that
What I'm writin' down just Don DeMarco raps
I'm wearing blue Jays
And my eagle flyin' through your Cardinal's hat
This freezin' cartridge'll heat your ass, part your crack
Lean your carcass then arch your back, uh
Tell these artists it's hard to argue facts
Go see if the charts will market that (Woo!)
I got javelin swag, off to the races with bars
Fly, my only ultimatum is Mars
My bitch is the baddest, her ass is the fattest
She tatted with class (Woo!)
I take her for granted, I met her on Madison Ave
Just to give her balance, took her to the Radisson last
I just grab it and smash it then toss it
When bitches and niggas see me in person
They be just like when Calvin was walkin'
In that Mickey D's commercial, yeah, they see me workin'
They're like, "Hey hey, Ryan, look like you're goin' to work!"
(Hey, get money!) But I ain't on my way to McDonald's
I'm sprayin' them llamas: pop-pop-pop-pop!
But nothing's fuckin' funny, track back jumpin'
All I think about is who gon' pick up all this fuckin' money
Like Blac Youngsta, weightliftin'
Whippin' 850s with a license plate
That say: "All y'all niggas straight bitches" (Woo!)