1 ContributorRe: Loaded (Loaded Lux Response) Lyrics[Intro]
For me to make a Chilla, better chill for I make chilli
I'm the only goat on this hill, Billy
Just a killer, I'm achilles
Really

Do you believe that my being stronger or faster has anything to do with my muscles in this place?
You think that's air you're breathing now?

[Verse]
On BARS I-95 the fans hated everything spoke against you
Snap him in half for being in question, he's broken in 2
The pendeimic
Trust me, my working is so essential
I sat to get my energy back
I'm Yoshimitsu
Now he outside looking figures from cheap plugs
All that nose grabbing, blinking, and twitching
Hе need drugs
Machete blade hit him, hе dripping, he bleed blood
I guess I gotta split beloved to be loved
Lord
You can't better this with a better diss
You jumped on a current wave but your flowing don't ever switch
And death to the riverbanks?
Tell me whose death is this?
It's you in the red sea, this is over, your death is it
I'm trying to be positive and let him live
As far as rankings go, I mine is (minus) 1 and I am done being negative
Y'all don't remember when everybody was scheming?
From 2012 to 2016 I am the reason
Fuck what you believe in
This isn't y'all house, I'm the blueprint
That's why the writtens was drawn out
Get the picture?
I thought you would be quicker to stall out
Who gon get this work?
Get to work, quit with the callouts
He talk a good game. It mean nothing forreal
4-leaf clover the only time Lux (luck's) in the field
Let's keep it real
Cambatta ate all them tracks up
Captain in second string, you better call in back up
This looking like a trial
If he so great why we gotta go to '08 to find footage of his prime?
What's the line?
Loaded one? James Bond golden gun?
Stupid, that only holds a bullet a time
You put it in your rhymes to say how son should sound
It make sense (Why?)
He known for having one good round
So how you 007? I'm running this whole profession
Oh, you ducking smoke with the king pen?
Loaded, question
Who invited Goliath in?
You leviathan? Try it then
Who you rivaling?
Rifle and bullets spiraling
Titan and Brady letting em fly against Tennessee
When he's trying to win a tie in front of the Titan's bench
I am him
Try again, this ain't a contest
This fire for alarm, this ain't a bomb threat
Homie I land mine (landmine), you taking the wrong step
Homes, I break apart mentals. No need to be complex
You know, homes? Apartment? Complexes?
The way I'm breaking lines down, beyond Tetris
Worthless liar, the verse is fire
Check it
Bars reckless (wreck-less) like perfect drivers
King pen, stick to the script, cursive writers
Fuck a pit stop, you could be the first retired
You gon battle on Mars? Who gon get you there?
I left earth versus Shine, I could've met you there
Mook pressed you
It's crazy how the vets too scared
Bombed on him his whole career
Gotta get nuclear
I'm the champion here
I was the champion there
This branding, see (C) the logo like Champion gear
They got you amped in here
Shit, it get's me every time
You took a couple shots but you missed me in them lines
You a G.O.D.?  You ain't convinced me in them rhymes
Chasing Daylyt only proves you wish you was divine
I beyond respect you and respect what you've done
But when it comes to these small rooms I am the one
The Alpha, the Omega
Who y'all know better?
I'll put some money up and bet I'll find no better
Street fighting
Meet Bison, I got the glow fellas
He on the fence about it, this nigga so Vega
A go-getter, don't fuck with the king
You gon need to jump in the ring or get under the wing
JonesYou might also likeEmbed