7 ContributorsL.S.D... Lyrics[Verse 1]
What is LSD, but a Little Strip of Destiny
When the Lonely Silence is Deafening
And my Living Situation is Depressing me
I'm repaying the Lord's Spiritual Debt to me
First time I took a Lethal Size Dose
But never will I Load Syringes with Dope
I remember being Lost Scared Delusional
Seen the same Lords the Soothsayer Druids do
Took a Ladder to the Seventh Dimension
The body is Literally Spirit Detention
Leviticus Scripture Describes
Moses Liberating Social Divides
Leading Sinners with the Diethylamide
Add a Little Salvia Divinorum, Leaves Stiff and Dry
From the forrest the Last Soldier to Die
Smoked bubba kush my Lieutenant Still Dan

[Chorus]
What is LSD?
What is LSD?
What is LSD?
Lunar Solar Duality

[Verse 2]
Lucifer Satan Devil
Logan Spawn Deadpool
The Lunatics Sadistic and Dreadful
Osiris Limbs Scattered and Disassembled
Time machine with the Lamborghini Style Doors
Extremely Limited Silverish Delorean
Why my head Look Slightly Deformative
Cuz my frontal Lobe Synaptics are Dwarfing them
And every time I Let Semen Drop
I create a Legacy of Super Demigods
I'm Luke Skywalker's Daddy, my red Light Saber's Darth
My Laboratory Secluded and Dark
Lyrics Sick as Dysentery
I'm a Living Speaking Dictionary
Mental Lexicon Sumerian Dialect
I see the image Like Spike Directs
You might also like[Chorus]
What is LSD?
What is LSD?
What is LSD?
Lunar Solar Duality

[Verse 3]
LSD wears a Leopard Skin Dress
Her tongue kiss is tempting but her Lifted Skirt's Death
Her voice sexy a Latin Spanish Descent
Don't be the victim the Lady Serpent Detects
A lot of bumps on this Long Slow Drive
Should I give up and die no, Lord Shall Decide
Longevity Sufficiency and Diligence
Loyalty Stability and Discipline
Made it through a Lotta Soul Dissonance with Limericks Soliloquies of Dickinson
The king before Lebron Started Dribbling
Sometimes I ask myself what is love
It's Legitimately Serotonin Dopamine
The lack of it causes Looping Suicidal Dreams
Like you smoked LSD Laced Sour Deez
Mental Labyrinth Schizophrenic Dementia
My Lobotomized Skull is Dismembered
The tongue is but a Liquid Sword Dagger
Lyric Samurai Duel and Leverage Source Data
You would think I had a Law School Doctorate
You ain't never heard a Linguist So Dominant
Lip Spit Drooling, Lean Syrup Drowsiness
Lubricant Solvent Dissolve in it
LSD, Legendary Shaman Doctor
Control weather like a Linux Storm Doppler
I'm high pitch like the Late Star Doc Ellis
With the next Level Strike Diametrics
Refilling my Limitless Scripts Daily
Until my caskets Latent with Sweet Daisies
I Let Steaks Dangle, over head of Lost Starving Dogs
Supply fire Light Sun's Dawn
Never let a Liar Shuffle Decks
Black belt in Bruce Lee Self Defense
Show you the will to beast like what you see when you Leopard Stomach Dissect
Let the Stoners Digest
[Chorus]
What is LSD?
What is LSD?
What is LSD?
Lunar Solar DualityEmbed