6 ContributorsWatch Ya Mouth Freestyle Lyrics[Part I]

[Hook]
Ayy, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
Hey, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
Ayy, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
Ayy, you better watch your fuckin' mouth

[Verse 1]
Or eat a cock, here's my balls to put your chin on
5'8, 155 weight, but the dick long
I say opposite of everything they been- um
Why hate? I leave a nigga ballin', no Jim Jones
I been wrong, offer psychotic minus the side effects
I might unless, but niggas is pocket watchin' like IRS
While I confess, stuck on the internet like a spider web
'Til lioness was not quite right, but tryin' all kinds of sex
Heh, even the question paper won't try to test
If I say it, you know that I'm correct
Not Boosie or Joey, but I'm a badass
They clown a feature for me, you pro'bly a jackass
It's like you harass K.D., the lady
'Cause every single thing you do is just a cash grab
You could be nice, but compared to me, you trash trash
Come in last last, make you disappear, like bad dads
You gettin' hit like it's bombs over Baghdad
I'm with your chick and it's bombs over Baghdad
Just a acronym, she let me get the box
She should work in packagin'
Go deep until her sponge bob, not Patrick's friend
You pissed off like willy pee, no Patterson
I'm from the 'Clair, that's Jersey in the back of him
And we don't fight fair, you don't want to scrap with him, unless you're Samad Savage, then-
You might also like[Hook]
Hey, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
Hey, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
Ayy, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
Ayy, you better watch your fuckin' mouth

[Verse 2]
When I come through, tell me what you wan' do
Even if you hush me, me go dummy then me hunt you
Me done tell you three times, if he gettin' one, two
Me more like a rich man, benjis make the bun moves
Nothin' like a twerker, you might'a heard of the kind of word that
Might describe this hurt, can't provide it, I just need time to search up
For a striped shirt, it's not quite a burn, never fly, but I feel like it's by the courage
The garbage coolin' ever since you started, damn
What made you think you wouldn't get slaughtered, man? (Man)
You get embarrassed in front of all your fans? (Fans)
Can't see me baby, that's not a sonogram
You can keep hatin', I bet your mama dance (Dance)
Better than all you niggas, respectfully
Wait, fuck that, disrespectfully
Wreck emcees, I'm not a square, how the fuck you checkin' me?
Now everybody quiet down so he can rest in peace!
Hey

[Hook]
Hey, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
Hey, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
Ayy, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
My dick's in it, could you try to take it out?
[Verse 3]
I just put some freestyles between some lazy hooks
That prove I'm live, even if nobody got a book
Uh, instead of replyin', you'll pro'bly still watch
And I'll just be there like "Look at all the time you took"
Ha, I'm the nicest ever, don't try to get up
I'm the coldest and the hottest, despite the weather
Control my temperature, can't even control my temper
Swipin' just 'cause I don't like you like I go on Tinder
I'm nuts, you're not like No November
I turned- hahaha, fuck...

[Bridge]
Hey, you better watch your fuckin' mouth
You better watch your fuckin'
You better watch your fuckin' mouth
Hahahaha!

[Part II]

[Intro]
TROOPA

[Verse]
New Jersey legend present, you dirty peasants
Two 37s make you jump or duck like it's burpee lessons
You heard he steppin'? Oh, he must be off two Percies, sweatin'
Get 'em close to God with one touch and such, not a pervy reverend
Fuck! Pull your card just to earn the credit
I'll push your buttons just to whoop your ass, I'm learning Tekken
Sturdy weapon, need to alert the feds when you see him lurking sections
How many hearses here? Eleven, and it ain't even been thirty seconds!
Ha! Uh, yes, I prefer ascension
I been it, fuck a tag, I'm not concerned with mentions
I told my mommy "I'm sorry, I can't do burger flippin'"
If I don't do this, this the Dead Sea Scrolls; verses hidden
Slave trade for my great-great-great-great-great granddaddy
Smashed his master's daughter, got banned up North, and I'm so happy
Could use your energy to float, but you just flow at me
The only way that you the GOAT is if you go at me
[Outro]
Skood!
Ho!Embed