3 ContributorsTsu Surf vs. JC Lyrics[Round 1: JC]
They asked me what I think about Surf
Surf let's play Swear To God
Swear To God, that because of you when niggas get to chokin' we just don't think of Surf
No Swear To God, the beef and backstory to yo' biggest battle versus Hitman wasn't pre-rehearsed
No, swear to God you didn't shit on Eazy and tell us the Fresh Prince directors tried to reach you first
No, Swear To God, you didn't do all them battles last year cause that PPP shit backfired and you needed work
Nigga, Swear To God, but mean it first
You so fuckin' fraud y'all forgot the bitch he is
He did all that talkin' 'bout who little and not callin' out the middle man
A nigga get a big name and a tomb change, like All About The Benjamins
I guess you know what you signed up for
This shit 'bout to be bad for ya business
And if attackin' an image is a chess move, why do you pawns get to the other side and start actin' like bitches?
Niggas this actually a scrimmage
But even the Devil Grandson got to look up to JC and ask for forgiveness
And that's exactly why I'm here
This is the face of a nigga lookin' to kill
He respond to all them Twitter shots, but when an op nigga shot it wasn't took to the field
I used to think Surf responded to every shot
Well that's unless the bullets are real
Who really pussy?
You plenty pussy
Follow all them trannies on IG, Surf them bitches don't got any pussy
You so confused in the facts of life
Is the nigga who took the shots don't got braggin' rights
You tryin' to sell a real nigga so fuckin' bad, that shit is a problem
Instead of buildin' shit from the bottom
He steal and capitalize from the niggas around him
He even stole the "I stole this" idea for his merch
The nigga's a problem
Surg got his hands on everything...except the niggas that shot him
What happened with that?
Why don't you brag about that?
Oh I'm sure it hit different
Cause the nigga in Atlanta now, he done went missin'
Big bitches outta Jersey, avoidin' that tre in the A like Ben Simmons
I'm just glad you made it, but what do you stand for?
You'd rather be a fashion statement than an actual statement
This is why I plot on your souls
Another notch on the polls
If this is Goliath attacking David, I'm puttin' Roc(k) on his skull
Nigga yo' team? A joke
I fuck with Chess and Eazy though, it's no beef fo' sho'
But the moment we catch Roc(k), the peace (piece) get broke
But you called my phone and shit showed up as "Scam likely"
And that's cause it's a new one you tryin' every week
You catch a fan of yours and fry 'em in the street
My moms always told me, "Ain't shit in this world worse than a liar and a thief"
You guilty of both
And it wasn't until the Midnight Madness ship started sinkin' they realized you didn't even get in the boat
You pussy
And they notice it, we know it's lit
I walk in with the hammer on you bitches like I'm Overton
And they know the spin come before the kick like the godfather of soul befo' the split
Nigga Yung Ill vs. Con', that mean I hold the clips
Deuce deuce, Vulcan grip
I tote this bitch
I'm only here for Surf dominion and it literally got Cola piss
With you? It's just gibberish
No penmanship
Just fake stories for you to utilize with a new surprise and if it's up to you, the lies are fo' yo' benefit
Say it ain't true
In and out the ring it's the same moves
He even claim a street who, 2,800 miles from the one that raised you
That whole scene to me is dirty
None of them streets you see in Jersey
But he got 60 on his back
Y'all don't even know the half, he didn't even see it 'til he was 30
Nothin' about you solid bitch
It's obvious
I can't think of a place I met a (meta) nigga this fake, not even on the Oculus
The problem is, even though you give me that home cool feel, the Judge ain't here to politic
It's just ball heads, common sense
School dance, it's prom in it (prominence)
But how a Crip turn a trip to Compton into an accomplishment?
How a bitch point out every battle rap slave
But the one who need his chains for acknowledgement?
Lux would probably say, "That's healthy"
I'ma say you got me sick
Stuck in battle rap, talkin' down on everybody else
Just waitin' to see Con' descend (condescend)
It won't happen
You just another nigga in Titled feelin' entitled
Well bitch, the length of the clip rival ten Bibles
It's a big shot, big Glocks, heavy metal
Will I slip? Not (Slipknot)
It's time to move, and judging on how you Titles move
Y'all gon' hold the door for us so get Roc(k)ed
Bitch it is body bags at every battle
Make sure ya homie found one
But do not jump in that bitch yet
Cause it is only round one
You might also like[Round 1: Tsu Surf]
We know what they did to me
But you know what we could do to you?
And we can do is shoot his friends and pray he pop up at the funeral
Let's get the dancin' shit out the way
I only joke cause I'm bored, I amuse myself
We actually more alike than I like
Shit, I had to go and bust a couple moves myself
Like, "You in the front we go in the back and you drive", see what I mean?
That was me choreographing a squad
If we inside and they try Running Man, they died
Heart racin', when we pop locks on Cherokees to slide
Speakin' of Slide, the beef got Electric? Party time
Find where he dancin' at, go and hit the party line
Sleet, sun, snow, well I do that shit all the time
Boy I was spinnin' in the rain myself like Omarion
I know some trappers from your city and they say you grab grams
Your teeth say you fallin' in love wit' that white girl
You really trying to Save The Last Dance?
You know who my grandfather is?
That grim reaper shit borin'?
This shit pain, they can't explain this type of torment
Hell hot, you hear screams, smell skin, it get gore-ish
Or wake up in Heaven like, "Mommy?" Euphoric
Somebody thinkin' like, "Chill Surf. That was far."
Fuck that!
You either die and rest in peace-
(Or die and become a battle bar!)
We light shit, get to snappin' they glow
These light sticks, tight grip, competition chop, brought a nightstick
He might snitch
Let the wolf judge, he get the ice pick
Snitches on the trap with the cheese, that's what mice get
Pipe spit
Chopper to the spittle, that's a light flip
100's drum, it rains it pours, you know how life get
No stop, flatten 'em back, I make a white bitch
Wife shit, I can make her sing on some Ike shit
Flashes of JC and white, I'm feelin' righteous
The shooters? Muslim, he a prophet (profit) to the snipers
30 on a .9, Chris Hanson wouldn't like us
If six-footers get six feet, imagine what I do to smaller guys
Eulogy pamphlet, baby picture on the cover
Standin' there with his mother
How I give Mr. Carter 5
Baby gassed up, you got a pen
I'm like, "Yay you."
Ratings? Once upon a time they ain't rate you
He think he here cause of him, that's why I hate you
Even Cor' said "gracias", say "thank you"
Now JC cross somethin', that's what a K do
Spray who?
You barely a nigga that I relate to
Teach what? I'm part of the class that you was late to
AMG vs. a Pontiac? Why race you?
I hate hoes
Your career dream build: Lux/Surf, great goals
If he even crack that crooked smile, I'll break those
It's 2K23 we just seein' J. Cole
No dental records
I tell the killers, "Hold his teeth"
He get the hatchet, the dogs get a bowl of meat
Kidnap him, son say he ain't been home in weeks
They find J beanie in (Jay, Beanie &) Memphis; Sieg', Hov' and Bleek
JC get Joker cuts, gotta hold his cheeks
We give his body to the morgue, with his soul for keeps
Headshot, his mind clear, hole's cold and deep
Walt Disney, we'll ice him, he'll get froze to sleep
We in the streets
Had a family lightin' candles like Hanukkah
I'll body ya
What's Ya Life Like, I'll Shotty ya
Hooked to machines he'll be breathin' with a monitor
His new nickname gon' be J(ay) Electronica
All you missin' is the nose and the shoes, on my mother, bruh
I really threw rounds in the air, I hit a clown in the jugular (juggler)
I wouldn't wish nothin' on ya life but insurance
They pop out, pop quiz, testin' ya endurance
They tryin' to say that this a pen vs. performance
I got a ballpoint (Ball point) too I could've played for the Hornets
You can have a great pen and just be kinda tight
Sheed, Wolf, you made regular shit look kinda nice
If I would've happened to Happens, I would've had to find him twice
Back, back, up, Sub-Zero, I would've bodied ICE
And if it ain't $40,000 or better than it's fuck haters...
[Round 2: JC]
It took you way too mothafuckin' long to man up
And the whole time I let you paint this wrong
Lockpick the do' eeeeeerrrrr, it's yo' favorite song
But you need a new one
The kid you knocked out the playpen grown
You got one trick here, and the shit's clear
You been here
Doin' the same shit for a decade...your whole tenure (ten year)
This how we know y'all ain't the same
So deep in the streets, he chose to rap with his rollerblading name
Wait, wait, wait
That's real fake
He love to talk about me dancin' like that shit don't hold real weight
Wala, if that shit hit you five times, that'd be the best time to see if you can still skate
I thought you look at your reflection and learned lessons from every loss you took
Candyman it's murder in my reflection, but it's off the hook
I feed of it
Invest in cans in the ring, like Steve Austin
Target: Rolling Loud and hit everything we see (C) Walkin'
Believe it Crip, it's designer on the blade
Tonight, we gon' see the drip
He gon' show loyalty for the first time in his life and bleed for this
And y'all really thought it would be pressure I would see from this
Y'all ever seen a bitch run through the woods in every scary scene she in?
This just an easy trip
Nigga, AMG, let's play and see
Jeff Jarrett, I wave the piece (peace)
Arm the face, take a peek
I stand over yo' body, and the Drac' will speak
I keep killin', like Kevorkian, patiently
You've been here so much you've got Tar Heels, right?
Well stay and see (NC)
Cause we've got K's to squeeze
And the clips do arc
I got a blade and a list (analyst), ready to press something against Tsu Sharpe
I heard you did another show out in CT
Funny, I always wonder how it go
The nigga not even battle rappin' and Stumbles still fuckin' up the show
All these battle rap beefs you got, never one time have you said, "Set it up"
He told Twitter Spaces, you tell Verb all this shit, but to him, you haven't said it once
You got into it with Qleen, he went off, and it was tumble weeds and settled dust
I guess everybody a stepper 'til a stepper come and step-
Bitch it was never up
Nothing about a rollerblading Crip will ever measure up
Just like the shootin' story you told Vlad, versus the one you tellin' us
Why is it so fuckin' hard for you to stand on ya own shit?
You grown bitch
I'm the same nigga that killed Timebomb
You not even the nigga I was on the phone with
You so fuckin' fraudulent
All this shit you talk about Math and bad deals
{The crowd starts to boo}

Fuck that shit
All this shit you talk about Math and bad deals to still be in battle rap bargaining
You need every fuckin' battle you call to get, and I'm on the list
Back in, without lookin' like park assist
AMG, this Challenger, a Charger kit
One look at him he (hemi) don't even know what kind of car he in
So, why every time we hear you involved in shit, it's online arguin'?
Let him tell it, that ain't the way it seems
Picture a scammer still needin' to call Chilla to create a scheme
Picture bein' a god on yo' food chain and still pray (prey) to me
Picture bein' touched by the AR-15 like it's Asia Dean
I stuffed the clip and it's live
Everybody can see the end in them eyes
I just hope Johnny Dang' got enough pendants to present to yo' squad
Talkin' 'bout "Surg gon' cook me."
Good story
This bitch couldn't cook for me
Y'all want smoke? Dawg just know
We got fo's gripped with long clips close
AMG for us only mean All Must Go
Nigga set it up
Ain't no lettin' up
It's three dots then the TEC's (texts) will come
And it's a round of bars left
Congrats, this the first full sentence you have ever done
Round 2

[Round 2: Tsu Surf]
See this why I think you a mothafuckin’ geek
Spend the whole Face Off talkin’ ‘bout investin’
Come in here with a bunch of Amiri and no teeth
I don’t get it
Some niggas just look- for real why ain’t he get his shit done yet? 120 Smack
Some niggas just look, snitchy, like, ready, willing and able
Like offer information, they ain’t even gotta make you
Like take the cigarettes and the soda that they gave you
That Last Supper, I could picture 12 niggas with JC at the table
You got gun sounds in ya gun rounds
I really know what a gun do
Look at me all on Summer Madness 12, irony I was on one too
You be writin’ with Danny Myers, I’m inspired, y’all both could die
If Mr. Miyagi could let it slide with his hands, so can I
We sent Karate Kid back to the dojo with swollen eye
Danny ya father? We bully Daniel-san (son) all movie like Cobra Kai
Ethan Hawke/Denzel, my nigga, this Training Day
That one couch in the trap? Went through 50 Shades Of Grey
I watched a preacher sniff a bag, I’m afraid to pray
Then watched his Passion Of Christ start to fade away
It was fate cause he took his life at a later date
I had Men In Black in my crib they was Agent’s J
After further analysis, you just a movie buff who mix guns in with movie stuff
Ain’t got stories of his own, he don’t do enough
But cool, they hit you after my contract crafted (Kraft-ed) and they fronted the cheese
Beasley call and make dyin’ sound cool, it’s 100 degrees
I heard the trailer before I even heard the trailer
“JC, UM5, he won it with ease”
They ain’t tell you that my rounds really come with the beams
Or about my PTSD?
I’m still stuck in the scene
You seen Macaulay Culkin with My Girl? You really could die fuckin’ with bees (Beas’)
And you way less believable when you standin’ in the flesh
I be schemin’ ‘bout the trap, cause my hand be on the TEC
Like my Cambodian friend plugged with a Mandarin connect
Dollar bus, we put bricks of China on the Panda Express
I had dreams for years of JC getting’ hunted
No name after no name, bunch of JC getting’ stunted
I felt it was backwards, I see © J when I want him
Now I want him, tryin’ to see why they praise him in abundance
It’s Loaded, just his luck (Lux) he gon’ love it
Mid-range shots splash; CJ McCollum
He get punished
He want J to see in his stomach
Any homie who don’t smack the ops, we shun ‘em
The key to gettin’ out that box with the snakes? Stayin’ down 100
In the trap with the trenches, trippin’ what they fronted
I seen a nigga eat a cal’ (cow) alive, he ain’t even want it
Why would fear be a factor?
You ain’t see this centipede up my stomach?
So you ain’t win a 100 grand and get a 100 grams?
It like it take for you to stand over them for them to understand
Put Pookie on the treadmill if you love the man
You know they makin’ a killin’ off the Carter; Nino, G-Money and Gutta Man
You tried to clown Geechi ‘bout time, I’m like, “Why this nigga yappin’?”
Like anybody will call a “Julian” when it’s crackin’
The county was a badge, we got stripes for our actions
Shiiiit (Sheed), those was damn near Trophies when it Happened
These niggas rap ‘bout what they see and it bother me, it odd to me
Story good, but the foundation wobblily
I’m a Capricorn, this a tourist (Tauris), do you follow me?
You wouldn’t know we clicked if you was into astrology
This must be another JC, it gotta be
The JC I know had me covered when they shot at me
You ever sent a nigga to his maker? Don’t you lie to me
Story good, but the foundation wobblily
I’m a Capricorn, this a tourist (Tauris), do you follow me?
You wouldn’t know we clicked if you was into astrology
This must be another JC, it gotta be
The JC I know had me covered when they shot at me
Look inside of me
Ain’t enough bodies to try to body me
They gon’ have to write him a semi-auto biography
Moment of silence if you ever lost your moms, respect and love her
It’s still fresh, I’ma put up the TEC, never touch her
But in Danny Parallel Universe? You bet it brother
We blow heat, code word: Monique, I would’ve made a movie out ya Precious mother
And if it ain’t $40,000 or better then it’s fuck haters
6-0 nigga! Got no fuckin’ friends nigga! Got no fuckin’ friends mothafucka!

{Crowd starts to chant 2-0}

[Round 3: JC]
All these transactions with you stealin’ money make the damn game sloppy
And all that supposed to go away cause Drake say fam’ name, copy
So this must be Scam-aign Papi, it’s a damn shame
Lil’ Chris outside Craig’s house, the can’s bang
You need a leg up? Pull it on the run, like a hamstring
See this? Is where the plans change
Cause if it’s like basketball Beasley? Then pickin’ a fight with a damn King ain’t a good campaign
See this where the Larkin tuck
Y’all love talkin’ ‘bout that tree Gotti hid behind, what about the one this nigga barkin’ up?
You want us to aspire to get Cubans and bust down, all for what?
To rent you space on our couch the moment your lease on your loft is up?
You don’t own shit Surf
Everything in yo’ life is made out of battles
This is why niggas is proud to pass you
I created generational wealth
Even what you done to your watch made it go down in value
It’s amazing to see niggas hang on every word that you speak
Watch you tell Vlad your life story, like we don’t know he work with police
That’s why the real niggas, your statement ain’t good for shit, but early release
Nigga I’m the best
Let that be for the record like vinyl press
Fast & Furious that mean we race for the Titles next
Try and flex
With a heart on the line, that's a vital test
They talk fly shit like they in the cockpit and get black boxes, and I pilot next
With a whole grave, primed and set
I told 'em put "Fried by the best" when they write on the stone, like a diamond test
See ya whole team? Get fried in sets
Left a hole in a Street Fighter, his kin (Ken) by son (Bison) stretch
Nigga don't get flagrant
The reaper come to collect and I don't allow no missed payments
Whole clip sprayin'
Leave a nigga in the ER like when Cortez say it
See our influence on our fans supposed to be positive
Them chains ain't doin' shit but lockin' them to the bottom of the pot he in
And if y'all follow him, y'all gon' do the same shit
Coppin' shit before you accomplish shit
Now you poppin' shit 'bout me dancin' and never mention rollerbladin' to the blocks you hit
And that's cool cause the chopper shit spread like rumors on the block
And if I use it, then a box is what you find your guys up in
It's not optional
If you get left to reek (Tariq) alone like Power 2
Gun Titles gon' be groomsmen and they gon' follow suit
Bitch let's dance
When the arm wave, hit the stands
I'm ambidextrous, got me toyin' with these kids like, "pick a hand"
I'm Columbus when I dump it, grab the steel and (stealin') land
Or Nope, Get Out of in the view with Us or we peelin' (Peele and) fam'
See this, is not stress
Too many fake monsters, that are not threats
I knew that back in Summer Madness 2 when they locked (Loch) Ness
But it's still (steal) a rat like Tsu Quilly when he watch Flex
I cock TECs
Dance through the Titles, I knew Surf would drop next when I dropped Chess
The shit routine, you know you like
GoldenEye the fo' will split his screen
I'm what you don't wanna doubt
I'ma drag these Tar Heels through the whole fuckin' south
Pull out, and he gon' get the bed like Joe Budden couch
Surf, you done lost your way
You clearly was Rolling before Crip, you forgot why they called yo' name
Stop clownin' niggas with talents you don't think gangsta
When you was the boss on blades
Dancin'? A nigga can really move
Even in 2022 I'm still off the chain
Bitch it is over with
Overdose from the dopest pen
Y'all know I wrote this shit
Cause every battle turns into a eulogy...

[Round 3: Tsu Surf]
Let me try somethin' different
Tell you about myself

My nana looked me in my face and said she sees sin me
"Rara not trustin' anyone is bad energy."
I said, "Grandma, possible friends just a possible enemy
And a shoulder to lean on is a pallbearer potentially."
She kinda got stiff when I told her
I said, "They asked when I gave. In every sense I'm a loaner."
I seen the grim reaper, you don't fit the persona
How many caskets you carry? It's a different type of chip on ya shoulder
Whatchu doin' if the ops say it's up?
I grab me a strap
When it's beef do you got the guns you have in ya raps?
What I know about pain? Bro, stop askin' me facts
Whatchu doin' if we pull up in that Charger? I hope you adapt
When we listen to you rap we just listen to you rap
Use some graduation words then throw in a lil' cap
But it don't take me to the trenches, it don't feel like the trap
We up Caffeine hours, you have polls on the app
You ever seen a nigga lack?
I see right through the at-
You ever seen a nigga lack then went black and took somethin' that you couldn't give back?
No, you haven't
All my battle bars tragic
Yours movie's you imagine
Shit, my first real-life scene was death due to habit
I still have it
Small packet at my feet it said, "Jasmine"
Uncle Jay was laid on the carpet so I grabbed it
Jasmine?
"Unc'?"
That's when he start laughin'
Said it felt like magic
Then floated off on that carpet, I had yet to see Aladdin
You give me Spider-Man without the suit
My powers should have you rattled
I could hit the Mary Jane, Stumble across the card and get P to park a (Peter Parker) battle
I hope you-
You give me Spider-Man without the suit
My powers should have you rattled
I could hit the Mary Jane, swing across the web, Stumble across a card and get P to park a (Peter Parker) battle
I hope you wrote your son in (and) Will
Gun Titles we be clappin' shit
I really be bustin' a machine
I end ya Pursuit Of Happyness
All my battle bars tragic, yours movie's you imagined
Shit my second real life scene was death due to magic
Little Chris used to bang for the gang, had a shot
But it was bid after bid with them chains and them locks
Ops made him disappear, he caught one up in the top
At the funeral I seen Chris Angel leave the box
Yo raps is filled with movies and spam with Netflix
You've been plain (plane) Lost for years, how we manifest this?
I seen Twork with the Piru's, Ars' with the Grapes, shit I'm Neighborhood nicest
But why we never see you with no Lords?
Shit, we all got Vices
Edward Perry would be disgusted, usin' his gang for the limelight
Blood suckers, wolfin' in the field, I know Edward in the Twilight
Shoutout to Piranha and Tru Foe, you gotta be more than just a repper
If I let somethin' German bark, let the Lord be his shepherd

I gotta get outta here Rolling Loud

And if it ain't $40,000 or better than it's fuck haters

Ayo listen! Don't bring me no fuckin' kidsEmbed