2 ContributorsDizaster vs. Eazy The Block Captain Lyrics[Round 1: Dizaster]
Now y'all wanna know what rhymes with "Eazy The Blog Captain"?
"Beasley Says Stop Rappin'"
He thinks we need to stop cappin'
Cause according to him, all that beefin' did not happen
.......
BULLSHIT!
BULLSHIT!
BULLSHIT!
Bbbbbbbbrrrrrr BULLSHIT!
Bbbbrrrt
Tag this on IG with a long caption
"Fuck Eazy The Block Captain"
They'll find his body wrapped in sheets deep in a log cabin
Squeezin' a Glock, his skull opens releasing his thoughts
Then I'll peek through his top like I'm heatin' up Top Ramen
Bitch, I know why he's bein' this way
He got a battery in his back now, AKA some Remy in his tank
The boul finally experiencin' fame
Now these fans wanna act weird, they wanna switch on him and complain
But I can't label him a pussy off of a rumor, especially since I haven't seen Pap' smear his name
Don't look at me
You had a million chance to fix it up
At home starin' at his camera for so long it started talkin' back to him like, "Yo boul. When you gonna pick me up?
When we gonna be like we used to be? You know...filmin' stuff."
And then Rosenberg Raw said, "Yeah Eazy. If you don't do somethin' they gon' fuck our algorithm up."
You from St. Clair pussy, let's get really hype then
You ain't even really from Philly, I don't think that Gilly likes him
He's been in Reed's shadow his whole life but he never been a legend like him
To put it in blunt terms, you the loose leaf boul, you wasn't around to hold it down with all the Philly Titans
Bitch you ain't got no guts
And the shit he rhymin' is typewriter, simple writin'
I'm still decidin' whether I should spill the tea on his silly side like psilocybin
He cries and wonders why they criticize him
Cause to us you still this little guy
But his ego came to big in size to still confide him
Ever since Remy signed him
He's isolated himself from his little island like he has bigger fish to fry
But he don't see the killer whale swimming by him
And all that symbolizes
Is that when shit gets violent he's quick to hide it
Show us all his little hymen which is why I see the bitch inside him
He's quick to beat the shit outta every chick that sits beside him
Goddamn it, fuck shit, this guy is more Arabic than I am
Where are you from? Iran?
Goddamn!
Ask his last bitch what she do when he fired on her and she was like, "Pssst. I ran!"
Cocked back his hand and he wacked her dome
Then he flew out to Saudi Arabia and they all opened their arms and said, "My brother! Welcome home!"
Gargantuan, hoppin' out of the car like Tarzan when I start clappin' him
This gon' be like flash backs from Beasley, I'm sending another bald head after him
And after this, it's gon' be followed by P.T.S.D. of the fans online harassin' him
Cause all he gon' hear in the end is
Pap! Pap! Pap pap pap pap pap again bitch!
You might also like[Round 1: Eazy The Block Captain]
Ayo Oakland what up?
The Block Cap' finally made it nigga
They say 90 sec- man fuck that
(Let's get straight to these payments nigga!)
Yo ask me why I took Dizaster
(Why?)
Cause they said I couldn't do 90 second rounds
Plus they said when I come here I gotta change my style up for the day
I said, "No way"
Cause when y'all pay from Eazy, y'all pay for what I'm 'bout to say
Plus, how do you invite me to a league that's called "Grind Time" and don't expect me to talk about drugs up in The Bay?
So Lush close ya ears cause this trap shit universal
But I don't want you to relapse cause I got love for you
But it's ironic I can't say trap out here, but respectfully, white people my best customers
But since I'm stayin' here though, you know these fish scales get higher than New York rent
And if we start doin' the Math that's 9/11
See we ain't seen a disaster (Dizaster) in New York since
See, they didn't pay me a lot of money
So I don't got time [?] fans dummy
They not fiends they concierges, they take bags from me
Loyalty, that means everybody in my pack is Stans (Pakistan)
GOAT, and all I had to do is bust a rhyme (Busta Rhymes) in Oakland to get this 'Arab Money'?!
See, you wasn't even on my bucket list, it was just my ego was swelled up
I mean we talked about this battle last year, I said, "Diz, give it the hell up."
It was like financing, I had zero interest for about 12 months
I do walk throughs, like this way
Packs on the stove for display
Rock in the water like a fish tank
Rounds sold out the trunk like a mixtape
You married? That's cool pussy, where ya bitch stay?
The wife will turn a widower, I'll change her title like it's clickbait
Gave that man some money, I say, "Get it done by the end day."
By that fifth person, every boy had a band that's chop is in sync (N'Sync)
This old work, cool, burns, the stove work
Kids at the playground, we hold dirt
Til you rich shit and trap shit like a Hov verse
Coke in the water, watch it produce like a home birth
That's why I know where you live and this chrome work
Level five hurricane, disaster (Dizaster) gon' evacuate home first
They say, "Diz' is a God tier"
I say, "Where? Mythology."
Follow me, put Wi-Fi on this gun, I'm startin' to question this TEC-nology (technology)
Shit come with a switch, like I question his sexuality
You know what's wild to me?
They sniff where ever I pile in like Ology
I'm in your parameter, with a canister
First time in Oakland, this MC need a Hammer bruh
I will damage ya
Shoot ya bitch, whether the conditions sound like the earthquake in The Bay (bae) area
There's somethin' you can't speed past
We sell beanbags and squeegees, that's clean glass
Didn't Geechi just kill  you?
All you did was gather these people together to watch you re-pass
See this is somethin' that you might like
Ya bitch? I might pipe
See you walk in, it's boxes on ya cover, like Fight Night
What you fight like?
Bro get clocked a right twice
I bet you shine if I plug you in, that's a-
Why can't I be a drug dealer and a rapper?
You see a needle in they arm, they gettin' high or they sellin' plasma
All because they bought dope from me
Now ask yourself, is that man made or is that natural disaster (Dizaster)?
Gutta
[Round 2: Dizaster]
Y'all wanna know what rhymes with "Gap tooth"?

{Diz takes off his jacket showing a picture of "Papoose"}

"That dude"
Who gives a fuck if you the Algorithm Boul on Twitter or Facebook
Twork face-fucked your bitch so hard he literally changed the way her face looks
He rearranged her facial features, it looked like Shang Tsung removed her soul
You came home and seen her sitting alone in the living room and you were like, "Who is this boul?"
Take this personal
You and the inner bitch in you are indistinguishable
If I hired them both from two different places, I'd still give them the same shit to do
You a biter
You stole our whole GTX blueprint, didn't you?
You stole our formation on the fliers, you even "brought back" your originals
But do you know what type of pain it took to bring all my people back with me to the top of this pinnacle?
Eazy our situation was critical
You a snake oil salesman, a con artist and a clown
You only sound like a star to us now
Cause you came into the game at a time where everybody that's around [?] busy watering it down
So you became the New Wave, but since Surf gone you're all probably gonna drown
Yeah you from Philly but you in The Bay now bitch
And shit can still get Rocky in this Town
You ran up the staircase only to get your egg yolked
I cuz the motto (Cus D'Amato) and sent him back wobbling to the ground
You gave me a fake NDA pussy!
That's why I have to put you on time out
This gon' be like The Maurey Show, cause you wanted to fuck around and now you about to find out
I did this for my people, for the love
But ever since I took this battle, it's been nothing but stress and drama
You secretly want me to take it easy on you
But I don't play with my food bitch, this ain't Benihanas
And you ain't even new, you an old boul on the Freshman roster
Ain't no such thing as a 37 year old Wembenyama
URL's little neglected toddler, he calls Remy "mama"
He's like 50 Cent but instead of 'Many Men' he has many fathers
And Beasley still got him by a leash, connected to an extended collar
Cause you broke your contract, you don't have any honor
So URL gon' still succeed at suing the balls off of him and Remy
And they gon' get their money's worth for every dollar like watching Spence & Crawford
Yeah, this fuckin' lame cat
You think this game right here, you think this strategy's nothin'?
Oh man, the strategy's pumpin'
Yeah bitch, let's end this wack ass discussion
You got knocked out by your manager's husband
Cause you was lyin' and tellin' people you were actually fuckin'
So this what this gon' be, this gon' be another long nap
A deep state of breathin' again
So you could complete your far fetched dream in the end of finally sleepin' with Rem' (R.E.M.)
Time!
[Round 2: Eazy The Block Captain]
Ayo, before I call you a pussy, I just wanna say I appreciate y'all niggas for havin' me
It's Philly here, Gutta City, we go where we want nigga, we be mobbin'
Now I don't know if he know what my job is
But I specialize in not givin' a fuck of what you accomplish
You know what My Expert Opinion is? Cause we can get to that
Cause I was chillin', like sittin' back
Like thinkin', you the reason why Hollow and Math shit went bad but they don't mention that
You played divide and conquer but RBE ain't get that match
Hold up,  y'all bought that "surprise battle" shit up in Boston?
It was close to New York, Math might find out, I mean, I get it scrap
The end result came in, you'se a bitch for that
Nigga let's put facts on that
You cheat for views, and I'm not mad at that
You battle people we don't know but popular in they countries so you can pad your stats
The optics say-
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up
I can do a little freestyle shit you know what I mean?
If sues you and I'm still under contract and URL sues me, then they SUE you
You cheat for views, and I'm not mad at that
You battle people we don't know but popular in they countries so you can pad your stats
The optics say it's a classic match
I mean the picture you paint, let's capture that
I don't got shit to prove
You can't tell me we know what half of them muthafuckas be sayin', but we know that this nigga lose
You know that L.O.M. debacle? Well you the cause for that
That Marv Won shit? Pussy, you wrong for that
That Billy Boondocks shit? You don't get no sauce for that
Nigga you a fraud for that
We 'bout to talk about all of that
Like that aggressive shit nigga it's fake, I can't relate
Like that Math shit, was hate
You don't get no brownie points punchin' a nigga in they face in ya state
Nigga that's a disgrace
The real OG thing to do is make sure an out of towner get back to his town safe
That's why I think you pussy
Nigga, this a cheat down
You the Arab boul who want white privilege that they gave now
Wasn't enough for blacks to accept you so you got braids now
Nigga I think you fake now
Now is he thorough? Nigga barely
Gutta nigga

[Dizaster]
He choked! He choked! He choked!

[Round 3: Dizaster]
Now of course, I knew the Math thing was something he was gonna talk about
Of course the motherfucker that got socked up would have his back because he also got socked out
I mean, where do I begin?
Bringing up Math lines again
It's funny cause, according to what you did, you have half the pride of him
At least he showed his face the next day on-fucking-line
He was just smart enough to hide his chin
Yo, this guy is a loser
Like I'm fake, well you don't ride with no shooters or fire your Ruger
You deny us the truth and you hide from the rumors
In his past life he was a house cat, his favorite thing to do is lie on computers
And he bringing up my braids, you got this twisted faggot
You can't say I got privilege and shit is systematic
When YOU the one with the big advantage
Sitting back while shit get branded and re-established
Cause you got a famous chick to manage all your shitty habits
And save you from slippin' backwards cause you can't stop burnin' every single bridge you interact with
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Yo, you a whole grown man on Chrome23...a woman's league
That's like being a gold medalist transsexual on the female Olympic team
Listen man, this ain't a context to see who can shop better, my rounds better
I drive a faster car than you and it sound better
Your favorite car to drive is a bulldozer cause you're a well known house wrecker
The only thing you know how to do better than me is get punched in your mouth better
Twork and Beas' fucked on his bitch and he went "woe is me"
He wants to be mad at another man for being down with 'O.P.P.'
But how can he be mad at another man for being down with 'O.P.P.' when apparently so is he
Eazy, just remember this
You've always been disingenuous
You only went independent to compliment your own self-centeredness
Bro, you didn't even promote this event for shit
I'm tellin' you, if he's puttin' you on the card, it's for his own self only and no one else's benefit
He catches you at your lowest point, then promises you some extra shit
So even if he's in Philadelphia helpin' kids
It's still a reflection of his own selfishness cause I know what his true intention is
Yeah, and give a fuck how you feel for me
You mad? That shit is real corny
You should be glad I ain't tellin' everybody the REAL story
Pussy, you want me to be quiet but I don't owe you nothin'
I feel like I'm searchin' for the Titanic at this point
Cause I gotta go to the bottom ocean huntin'
To find such a low and sunken moral compass
And those that attempt to scoop down to ya levels eventually implode from the overload of FUCK SHIT
Now watch him fold on his own circumference
P.S., I (P.S.I.) told you that's the pressure that comes with the dumb shit
And that's the truth about you Eazy, you just a cock sucker who jumped ship
Only to get confronted over one thing
And instead of showin' everybody you had the guts to overcome it
You pulled a Styles P and became known as a Ghost in public
You look like Bugs Bunny bitch!
Got me feeling like Elmer Fudd in another Looney Toons episode or somethin'
Cause who knows when I might have to dig him up from the next hole he jumps in
Yeah, cause you wanted us to roll with you on this "Fuck URL shit."
But they never tried to block one of my battles
Hey, ARP tried to bribe Rex off this card, so if you ridin' with him it's fuck you and fuck him!
Both of you faggots suck dick!
Fuckin' suck dick and butt lick
Don't make me answer this Summer Madness email in my inbox and fuck up y'all buzz quick
Cause that's a fact
You and him are matching rats, back to back
He tried to bribe Rex, that's a fact
And you are gonna go down for introducing NDA's into battle rap
Boy this is for the culture, I'm whippin' ya ass
Cause you'se an industry rat
Disguised as one of us disrespecting the craft
So I'm gonna revoke his visitors pass
Tried to get me to sign this paper
Think I'ma listen to that?
There you go bro, this shit is trash

[Frak]
I brought an extra cause I knew this fool would rip it in half!

[Round 3: Eazy The Block Captain]
I actually don't got nothin' bad to say about Dizaster
Besides he's a pussy
You know this shit get realer
I actually studied the person who had the card before I became the dealer
Nigga they done threw so much mud on my name this last month I couldn't even talk about the punch because the lead up was filler
Bro I been caught slippin' before, took that home and it became memorabilia
Bro I die with a grudge
I'll go to Heaven with The Purple Tape cause even Ghostface killer (Killah)
You can't talk none of them stories
All them stories these niggas talkin' about, bro they made it up
Stab him
#1 on a barber chart, that's a basic cut
I remember sittin' home all night, open up 1212, put lines on my finger like a paper cut
I mean, do the history, he lose to most black people and I can't be the one to change it up
Bro hold up, you think way too much
And I think that can get you in some shit
I'm talkin' barely
I mean, you think the government robbin' us all...I think that clearly
You also think Covid 19 is bullshit
And the way Frak just came out I ain't goin' to argue that shit cause that whole situation scary
You also think we live in a simulation
So let's just say that's true
Whoever controllin' us is racist cause blacks still ain't been treated fairly
So if I knock you the fuck out, your face on that Flat Earth, and that's not a conspiracy theory
I'm talkin', 'Encore', Black Album
Catch him in casino and shoot the crap out him
Bro we package work and rap 'bout it
We put boots on the ground and-

{Pay-Per-View and On Demand blackout for about 6 seconds}

...another payment
Bro why would you get mad because I [?]
I'm not all drug bars, I done won off of an appeal (a pill), and that wasn't drug related
It's closed casket
You gotta respect the legacy before you pass it
Shoutout to Krack City, cause I just found out a disaster (Dizaster) ain't shit until he active (Aktive)
You gotta bring a weapon in
Extendo, extra shit
We wreckin' shit
If I catch about 3 to 11 of y'all niggas it ain't no need for no second shift
Bro I am not phased
In my sports, in my game, the only thing we can highlight is top plays
All because I sold individual strands like box braids
I had one fiend named "Meghan", but the good thing about that picture, it was not staged
See we play soccer too, in the streets, oh hold up, or foosball
From what I was told, when I start breakin' shit down bro, this shit is cold
Not cause it was 11 people in the field tryin' to kick my ball, they haters, that's the code
It's all because I almost let one person on that 'net stop my goal
They said, "Yo Eazy! You gotta be on some shit."
I set plays, you set plays, what that mean in soccer? My corner kick
Nigga we 'bout to talk about powder
Woke up at 7:00, sold 14 by 7:30, that's about a half an hour
We make punchlines outta these metaphors coward
Like dandelions, we make a wish, that's blow on the white flower
I really move the 'cane, give orders, pull the strings
You know you can die off a .22
Sometimes we gotta be grateful for the little things
You know the difference between me and you?
Bro it ain't hard
It ain't real if I don't stamp it, it's a lesson in every bar
See they say trap bars is all I do, that's just because
Man you know what it was
Trap money kept my lights on so who I thought invented electricity was the plug
We used to hide the work under the coffin, and to find it we had to learn how to dance, so we cut the rug
Diz', I didn't know what a complete sentence was until I stood in front of my judge
I'm not no thug or no gangsta, if I'm tellin' it
I just like money, and if y'all niggas buyin' it then I'm sellin' it
But you know for this battle I done changed some shit
Like [?] nigga that's Russian let's stay a bit
[?] that's Spanish hired some slang wit' it
[?] that's Japanese, I played wit' it
You battled, I sold crack in different languages
I done changed up dawg
I will wake up dawg
He got a card when his folks died, Dizaster finally got a wake up call
Closed caskets was the arrangement nigga
Take my ass back to Philly, he can't afford these payments nigga
GuttaEmbed