3 ContributorsEnough For You Lyrics[Hook: Versvs]
I don't even know what the fuck to do
What have I become for you?
Don't even have enough blood to spew
But am I enough for you?
Told you my hopes, my dreams, my fears
Wrote every night, every day, all these years
Gave you my blood, my sweat, my tears
But you remain doubtful so fuck you too!

[Verse 1: Versvs]
Yeah, 'cause I been killing it
Put any hurdle in front of me, I will get rid of it
Since the beginning, been juggling music with education
This ain't no dummy talking, so fuck a ventriloquist, real as shit
And it's true bitch, I will admit
All these lyrics started off as an еxperiment
Was scared I didn't bеlong to rap but it's been a fit
Now I'm sitting here wondering what's the benefit
Yeah, 'cause I don't see the recognition
And I eat the competition, but they seem to be indifferent
Better believe I got a mission, this my dream, I got a vision
You don't know what this means like you need a definition
So listen, 'cause you don't know what it did to me
Always trying not to let the hate get to me
How I survived in this industry's a mystery
So many bars, I can start a penitentiary
And how come you don't talk about that?
Oh, I bet you never thought about that
I did a song with Crook, now I did a song with Royce
Bitch you fuck around while I bring Slaughterhouse back
Facts, doing this since 17
Still thinking about the culture when I jump on every beat
'Cause I wanna be someone I would've looked up to as a kid
See this shit is creating a better me
Yeah, writing is what I'm 'posed to do
It's what happens when you see you have a voice to use
You just get mad when motherfuckers ignoring you
When you thought they would actually listen and then rejoice with you
I just put the effort in and I'm annoyed at you
You can listen or not, it's your choice, that's true
But if it's rhymes then admit it I'm the prime symbolism
You say lyric, think of I like it's Royce tattoo
Boom, now I'm working with the legend
Rapping every second and shredding at every section
Shit is such a blessing but my name is never mentioned
I'm not even from the ghetto but I still don't get the credit
Yes I said it all these wannabe rappers are so pathetic
Unable to put words together or even finish a sentence
You remind me of a killer that will never confess it
'Cause I guess you're basically never saying anything on record
You might also like[Hook: Versvs]
I don't even know what the fuck to do
What have I become for you?
Don't even have enough blood to spew
But am I enough for you?
Told you my hopes, my dreams, my fears
Wrote every night, every day, all these years
Gave you my blood, my sweat, my tears
But you remain doubtful, so fuck you too!

[Verse 2: Royce Da 5'9]
Number one cause of unhappiness in every ghetto
Is having to settle for less
A system that keep gettin' rich off of keeping the sick nigga
Guess who gon' sell us the meds
If I do the dirt by myself
Somebody better be expecting an incredible mess
Poverty in the project is a product
Of that inevitable medical debt
You got men in mascara the Fentanyl era
You DM your ex and she read it was Meth
A thespian name, Deck said this shit best:
"Upset? Then you best be protectin' your neck"
A nigga get gangsta with us like he Pesci
We address it with gesture, we Elliott Ness
I brought the crack over then fed the connect
I'm on my Fat Joe shit, Big L and Vaness'
Hop off my scaffold to my scalable death
Knowing anyone's ever been credible bled
I'll exist in a length of my federal bed
'Fore I live in a tank givin' hetero head
Sippin' this drank, fallin' deaf on new ears
Ballin' just to land jets to new Lears
Y'all ain't special man just 'cause you weird
Crossover, I just Nick Van Exel new heirs
Pablo Man Freddy connect to Mo' Mia
Follow your aunt Betty stretch on Madea
My celly intel is Metro Nokia
I cancelled R. Kelly just for Aaliyah
[Hook: Versvs]
I don't even know what the fuck to do
What have I become for you?
Don't even have enough blood to spew
But am I enough for you?
Told you my hopes, my dreams, my fears
Wrote every night, every day, all these years
Gave you my blood, my sweat, my tears
But you remain doubtful, so fuck you too!

[Outro: Versvs]
But am I enough for you?
But am I enough for you?
But am I enough for you?Embed