6 ContributorsQ&A LyricsQ: Would you have sex with Canibus ?
A: Why would you want to know that? And why would you assume that I'm human?

Q: Who's your favorite Horrorcore rapper?
A: I should do my research on Horrorcore Rap. I'm not an expert when it comes to Horrorcore. I don't really like horror movies so a subgenre in Hip-Hop is something I didn't dare to try.

Q: Wahts your opinion on amine? Is he good or bad?
A: He sounds a little corny to me but better than mumble rappers.

Q: Whats your opinion on the new disstrack from uzi(rich forever)? I know uzi is really bad, but in my opinion this disstrack was fire!
A: I don't know if the one I listend to was a disstrack. It sounded like a club song. I prefer this over his other songs though (it's more serious and lyrical).

Q: I believe Eminem still makes good music since I am a really Big Eminem fan, so I just wanted to ask if you were a fan of the New Eminem. Great vids by the way, keep it up!
A: Every MC will be past their prime after more than a decade. EMINEM was able to keep his career alive and add new styles to it. I like a lot of his newer songs, his older ones of course are more memorable because he was a hungry MC. He wanted to prove his skills to everyone.

Q: What are your top 3 rap songs in 2018?
A: The year isn't over yet but I would say Choraseptic remix (Eminem), Terminally Ill (Chino XL) and ATM (J Cole)

Q: How would you rank Nas albums from the best to worst?
A: Illmatic, It Was Written, Stillmatic, The Lost Tapes, God's Son, I Am, Life Is Good, Untitled, Streets Disciple, Hip-Hop Is Dead, Nastradamus.

Q: What do you think of proof do you think he is a good rapper?
A: He was a dope freestyler and I like his songs with D12. He never got the chance to fully evolve as a rapper.

Q: What are your 5 favourite albums
A: That's a difficult question and it's based on my mood. Right now I would pick Illmatic, Ready To Die, Me Against The World, Enter The Wu-Tang and Rip The Jacker.
Q: Most overrated rapper of all time?
A: Lil Wayne and then Drake. Drake has some dope songs though.

Q: Can you start doing album reviews pls ily
A: Album reviews are difficult to do. I'm not recording myself and I would just bore you If I write long essays. Copyrighted content is also a thing... Videos get blocked easily
But I may try it one day (with face reveal)

Q: Would you make a video about Nas?
Evolution of Nas or Top 50 Nas songs
A: He will drop an album on June 15th. I will do a video with new music.

Q: What was your first Experience with rap music?
A: My first experience with rap was in 2003. I was 7 at that time. I was impressed by 50 Cent, EMINEM and DMX. I couldn't understand a word but I loved the sound. 50 Cent was the coolest to me, EMINEM was very funny and DMX had me scared. I loved the sound of Rap music in the early 2000s.

Q: First Comment so i would really apreciate if  you answer it  my question is Who  is your favorite  oldschoolrapper ?
A: That's tough... I would say 2Pac or Biggie. Both have different styles that I can listen to all day. But if you ask me from whom I listen to music most, I would say 2Pac. He has more than twice the amount of songs. But I love them equally.

Q: Ur top 10 list for rappers ded and alive
A: 1. 2Pac
2. Biggie
3. Canibus
4. Nas
5, 6, 7. Rakim/Jay-Z/Eminem (Can't really decide)
8. Ice Cube
9. KRS-One
10. LL Cool J
HM: Big Daddy Kane, Kool G Rap, Kool Moe Dee, Big L, Big Pun, MF Doom etc. (I could name you a thousand more)

Q: Do you like Burger King lettuce
A: I like lettuce but it the texture is weird when it's served on a burger. But I focus more on the taste of the beef.

Q: What do you think about hopsin?
A: I first thought he was corny but he actually has some dope lyrics and clever punchlines. He's still a little weird (Happy endings etc.)

Q: Do you think that ‘ who shot ya ‘ was aimed at Tupac?
A: No, that song was recorded prior to the shooting.

Q: Your personal favorite new school rappers?
A: I made 2 lists on this and I would pick: Kendrick, J Cole, Tyler The Creator, Logic & Joey Badass

Q: Who do you think is/was the most talented mc?
A: Definitely Canibus. He was respected by Rakim as an equal in 98 and he was just at the beginning of his career. He battled the entire Wu-Tang Clan and Onyx without having a career. And he beat them! Same with LL Cool J. The industry just held him down. His subject matter and vocabulary is second to none!

Q: Can you do "Evolution of Conscious Rap"? You probably wont answer but Its worth a shot
A: I will see if I can come up with something interesting. I will do my research.

Q: When is the top 200 rap artist coming out?
A: It's a video that will take me more than 20 hours. I don't have much time right now. But I will do it one day. It's a lot of work, that's why no one has ever even tried to do such a list.

Q: What's your favorite song from each of the following rappers?
Eminem/Biggie/2pac
A: Eminem: Lose Yourself
2Pac: Changes/Me Against The World
Biggie: Juicy
Q: Who is your favorite emcee?
A: It depends on my mood. I can relax to 2Pac, Nas and Biggie any day. Eminem is funny and creative. Canibus makes me use my brain the most. Jay z and Rakim are also my favorites.

Q: What country are u from?
A: I'm from Germany

Q: What would you say if someone said to you ice cube is the GOAT?
A: It's a respectable opinion- Music is subjective and Ice Cube has done enough for Hip-Hop to be called the G.O.A.T.

Q: what does inspired you to make videos about musicians? ans why?
A: There was once a time when I had no clue about Hip-Hop. I was searching on the internet for good Hip-Hop music, I didn't like the songs they played on the radio/MTV. My favorite rappers from my childhood (EMINEM, 50 Cent & DMX) almost disappeared in 2009. Rappers I disliked took over the game. People were arguing about the current King Of Rap on the internet, I learned a lot from other peoples opinions. After listening to hundreds of rappers and built my own opinion. I didn't want to communicate through blogs, I actually was cutting videos and creating websites in my childhood. I loved watching Youtube videos (not related to Hip-Hop) and I wanted to create my own channel. There wasn't really a big Hip-Hop channel that expressed it's opinion on Youtube. I wasn't inspired by other youtubers but from bloggers and people who love to talk about Hip-Hop.

Q: Who's your favorite wu tang member?
A: This is a tough one... they are all different and I love all of the members. I can relate to Method Man and Ghost the most.

Q: Where are you from?
A: Germany

Q: what rapper do you think couldve had a career where theyll be consider top 3 of all time but couldnt cuz they died to early.for me is big L
A: Big L, Big Pun and Eazy-E. Eazy-E was starting to write his own lyrics. He wanted to release an album with 66 songs. I would love to see him evolve.

Q: Who is the most underrated rapper in your opinion? In my opinion AZ
A: AZ is a good pick. I would also pick Canibus, MF DOOM, Vinnie Paz, Chino XL and Immortal Technique.

Q: Why you like Hip-Hop ?
A: It entertained me sonically and visually when I was watching MTV as a kid. I loved to watch rap videos for some reason. I couldn't speak english back then but I still was a fan of artists like DMX, EMINEM and 50 Cent. I was never a fan of singing but I could notice a difference between rap and pop without understanding a word. Rap songs resonated with me and I thought rappers are the coolest people on the planet (especially 50 Cent).

Q: What are your top 10 Nas songs? I am wondering cause Nas is my favorite rapper of all time so
A: It aint Hard To Tell, The Message, Purple, Ny State Of Mind, Nas Is Like, Made You Look, The World Is Yours, One Love, If I Ruled The World, Doo Rags

Q: How old are you and where you from
A: I'm 23 (born in 1994) and from Germany

Q: Do you think any rapper got shit on 2Pac, or do you think he is overrated?
A: If Hip-Hop would have a face it would either be 2Pac or Biggie. Based on impact and overall package I can't put anyone above them. Of course you could find an MC that's better in one aspect but not overall.

Q: Where do you rank Eminem among the greatest of all time
A: Behind Pac, Big, Canibus and Nas. I can't make a decision on Nr. 5. Rakim snd Jay also deserve the spot. So between 5-7.

Q: Can you name for me top oldschoolrappers and newschoolrapper and which one is better to listen to?
A: Old School: 2Pac, Biggie, Nas, Rakim & Ice Cube

New School: Kendrick, J Cole, Tyler The Creator, Logic, Joey Badass

Q: If you could create a rap group of six rappers out of everybody in the industry, dead or alive, who'd they be?
A: Good question! I would pick 2Pac, Biggie, Nas, Jay-Z, Big L and Big Pun

Q: Do you listen to anything else than hip hop?
A: Sometimes I listen to old songs from different genres. I like old pop songs with relaxing instrumentals.
I prefer the non-electric "warm" sound (with background noises) to todays mainstream songs . I also like classic and symphony. Bob Marley, Michael Jackson and Elvis Presley are also good picks.

Q: What are your favorite modern rap albums? TPAB, GKMC, Damn, Atrocity Exhibition etc. also where does Kendrick rank all time?
A: TPAB, GKMC,  Flower Boy... and it's hard to put Kendrick on my list because he is a relatively new artist. There are MCs that rapped for 30 years and inspired millions. Kendrick is at the beginning of his career. He can be one of the best in the future. Right now he would be in my Top 50. But he will climb higher over the years.

Q: what do you think of the song caterpillar by royce da 5 9 ft eminem
A: I love the song. EMINEM went in on Mumble Rap and Royce made a nice comeback!

Q: Would you show us your head ?
A: I will show my old head one day, but not right now.

Q: Wat's ur favs rapper
A: I have a lot of favorite rappers. But the ones I listen to the most are 2Pac, Biggie and Canibus.

Q: Who do you think is better Lil Skies or Trippie Redd
A: Trippie Redd uses autotune and has a high voice. Lil Skies has more the type of music that I could listen to (No autotune but the same amount of singing). Not saying that I like their music... it's music for kids to me.

Q: Big Pun or Big L ? Who would win in a battle
Both in my Top 5
A: Big L has the better punchlines but Big Pun has a better flow. Pun also had the bigger fanbase in the late 90s. But I think Big L would win. He won hundreds of battles in Harlem/New York.

Q: So u quite a big canibus fan, how'd you feel about the whole dizaster battle he had. Personally I felt so bad for canibus coz he should of know better one and two he should of come better prepared or something coz that shit was embarrassing . With that said though dizaster truly outclassed him that day.

A: This will be long. I became a Canibus fan after watching the battle. It wasn't embarrassing to me but I just hated how people disrespected him. These are my full thoughts:

Canibus did the battle because of his love for Hip-Hop and the battle rap culture. He wanted to give them the respect that he didn't get 20 years prior to that battle when he was a battler. And he wanted to jump in the ring just to have the same thrill as in his youth. A battle with a fan just for fun. Everyone who is a part of the Battle Rap culture is a fan of Canibus.

He and EMINEM are the pioneers of todays battling. And as a fan you know everything about your idol and if not you have the internet. Canibus was always mocked and disrespected by the media. The average Hip-Hop fan holds a grudge against Canibus for his beef with EMINEM. He was hated by millions (and now by even more people) even though EMINEM is a fan of Canibus. Canibus is also a fan of EMINEM.

Bis was the underdog from the start he even said it himself: "winning or losing is not important to me". He was 15 years past his prime, stepped away from rap to be with his family, has no modern day battle rap experience and came wounded to the ring. He prepared himself different from how a KOTD battle rapper prepares. He wrote 30 pages like he was about to record a 1.000 Bar verse. This is not the proper way to do these battles. A person past his 20s can't remember more than a few pages of notes. I'm in my twenties too, I'm a computer science student. I can't remember more than a few pages, you will have forget 90% of it after a week. Canibus was underprepared. He had to shorten his verse to about 4-5 pages. That's why he chocked, he already forgot most of it. And even if he could memorize 30 pages, how are you supposed to be rap agressively when your entire body is damaged. Canibus probably was on painkillers.

Dizaster on the other hand was in his best shape. He has already done a hundred of these battles and he knows everything about Canibus while Canibus knows nothing about him. It's like Bruce Lee said: "I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times". Canibus can cover 10,000 aspects of MCing but Dizaster can do one 10,000 times more efficient than what Canibus is used to. Canibus could spit lyrical bars with no personal disses but Dizaster was able to mention something that EMINEM and the media was using to make fun of him. So he could mention things like losing against LL Cool J (which even LL admitted wasn't true). It's like the popular kid making fun of minorities. Established rappers don't rap without a beat. And battle rappers can't rap on a beat. Thats why mayweather defeated mcgregor easily. You can't be better than the best at Sport A if you are the best at Sport B. It's too different. But yeah. Canibus wanted gave up and he showed his respect by doing so. Anyone else would just be cocky and do something to look cool. Canibus wanted to give his fans what they are used to. He wrote 30 pages for his fans but his haters didn't let him spit even though he gave up. The battle was over. They were getting more for their money but they wanted the battle to end after the first round. Thats like declining a second week of free vacation after your first is over. And people loved to see Canibus on the ground because now they have an excuse not to listen to his music. Ignorant people always find a reason not to educate themselves.
But yeah these are my thoughts...

Q: Who do you think is the best rapper lyrically? For me it’s Rakim or MF Doom

A: You could devide this into multiple categories:

Vocabulary: Canibus
Rhyme Chains: Kool G Rap & MF Doom
Subject Matter: Canibus (Science, math, Philosophies etc.)
Creativity and Relevance: Rakim & Nas
Punchlines: Canibus & Big L
Poetry/Storytelling: Nas & 2Pac
Song structuring (to enable faster and more flow based rhymes): Biggie & EMINEM

It all comes down to preference. I can't say that one MC is the best in every single one of these categories.

Q: Are Biggie and 2Pac overrated? (Love them both and your channel, keep it up.)
A: No. There is so much hate against these two. They didn't become Hip-Hop gods because they passed away. A lot of people are saying this. Big was the King of New York between 1994 and 1997. He layed the blueprint for being successful as a New York MC with incredible Lyrics and Flows. Pac was the highest selling artist and the biggest rapper in 96. He wrote 5 songs a day and can release classics 20 years after his death. Show me one legend that can do that! People think writing a more lyrical song in one year makes you a better lyricist than Pac. Pac wrote 20 albums in one year. Write a song in 15 minutes and show that you're better than him. And Pac was high and drunk while writing his songs. He just wanted to make great songs.

Q: Will you rank bis' discography? And do you still think that 2nd round k.o. is his best song? Have you listened to lil waynes old music? And who is a better lyricist, pac, biggie or bis?
A: I will rank his discography when he releases a new album. 2nd Round K.O. Is the song that he's most known for. I would put Poet Laureate 2,  Curriculum 101 and 100 Bars above it though. He has a lof great songs. But 2nd Round has a unique video that defines Canibus the best. In a hundred years people will remember those images of him. I was never a fan of Lil Wayne. I try to listen to him once in a while but he is not my cup of tea. His voice, subject matter, lyrics, beats and overall sound is difficult to listen to. Even his older songs without autotune sound weird to me, I can't relate to it. He also set the Blueprint for the rappers that inspired mumble rappers. He was the leader or the pioneer of that movement. Canibus is the MC that invests the most brain cells into his lyrics. You could call him the greatest lyricist. You couldn't see Pacs full potential because he wrote his songs high and drunk in 15 minutes. He just wanted good songs but he could get lyrical if he wanted. Big put more effort into the technical aspect of rhyming than Pac. He combined his lyrical skills with his flow. Pac combined it with emotion/delivery/differnt subjects. Canibus focuses on Vocabulary, Punchlines and unique subject matter.

Q: What is your favorite Tyler, the Creator album ?
A: Flowerboy

Q: Opinion on Big L? IMO he’d be in everyone’s top 3 if he had lived a little longer

A: One of the greatest rappers of all time. He uses a lot of punchlines and he's very creative. I still can't believe how he could create a song about the criminal slang (Ebonics). He is able to rhyme slang words with slang words for 3 minutes straight and it's very entertaining.

Q: What do you think about hopsin?

A: Thought he was corny at first, turns out that he is a dope lyricist.

Q: What is your opinion on Techn9ne?
Also, do you listen to any german rap?

A: Tech N9ne is amazing. He's probably my favorite double time rapper. He destroys every beat.

Q: Who are your Top 10 producers of all time

Edit:Everyone sleeping on Stoupe. Language Is Fatal is one of my favorite beats

A: I will do a video on that. But I love Stoupe The Enemy Of Mankind, Q-Tip, Pete Rock, Madlib, J. Dilla, Premier, Dre etc.

Q: What Canibus albums should I listen to? Like which is his best?

A: I would recommend Rip The Jacker, Mic Club The Curriculum and 2000 BC. He has a lot of dope albums, the only one you may skip is "C True Hollywood Stories".

Q: In your Evolution of Hip-Hop videos, it seems you start showing a larger amount of shittier songs from 2006/2007 onward. Was this done to prove a point about the lack of creativity in mainstream hip hop, from that point onward? Or were you putting down the significant/popular songs, regardless of quality?

A: Both. That was the time when the mainstream in Hip-Hop changed. I could've cherry picked the best songs for those years, but that's not what represents those years the best.

Q: What is your favourite Nas song?
My favourite is "The Message"

A: NY State Of Mind

Q: Inspectah Deck is in my top 10 rappers, am i weird?

A: Inspectah Deck is an underrated legend. I can understand why you would put him there.

Q: favourite youtubers?
A: Mark Wiens, Food Ranger, Strictly Dumplings, VLADTV & PewDiePie

Q: If you had to listen to one mumble rapper for the rest of your life who would it be
A: uhhh..................... damn........... 21 Savage I think.... his beats are not bad

Q: what did you think of book of ryan?
A: Haven't listened to it yet. But his song with EM is amazing.

Q: top 3 hip hop bands
A: Wu-Tang Clan, NWA & Public Enemy

Q: What do you use to make your videos and is Youtube your main priority?
A: Youtube is not my main priority. I'm studying Computer Science and learning Japanese on the side.
It's exhaustive to work on Youtube on the side and not get kicked out of university. You have to spend your free time studying and editing, it's harder than studying medicine. Japanese is also one of the most difficult languages. It's hard to not give up. As for my editing tool. I use iMovie.

Q: What’s your favorite song dedicated to a past rapper? (mines Cuban link - flowers for the dead/ lord finesse - big L tribute﻿)
A: Jadakiss - Letter To Big
THUG LIFE - To Pac
Cuban Link - Letter To Pun

Q: What do you think about ice cube?
A: One of the most polarising and import Rappers of the late 80s and 90s. He revolutionised West Coast Hip-Hop and he's one of the only MC's that can still release classics 30 years after their prime.

Q: Whatz your favorite 2pac verse? And do u think a new 2pac album will come out next year or the year 2020?
A: Me Against The World (all verses). I don't know when his album will come out. From what I've heard people have given up on the album. Every company he was working with wants its share on the earnings. There would be a lot of legal problems like during the All Eyez On Me Movie. They wanted to release his album then, didn't come out....

Q: Do you still consider Lil Jon, T-Pain, Rick Ross, and Lil Wayne to be among the worst rappers of all-time?
A: Yes

Q: What are your top 10 Nas songs? I’m wondering because Nas is my favorite rapper of all time.
A: NY State Of Mind, It Aint Hard To Tell, The Message, Nas Is Like, Made You Look, Purple, Doo Rags, The World Is Yours, Ether, If I Ruled The World

Q: Opinion on Meek Mill and Rick Ross?
A: Average at best

Q: If I recall correctly you are German - who are your favorite German rappers ? What do you think of Capo ?
A: I only listened to older rappers like Eko Fresh, Sido, Fler, Kool Savas & Bushido. But I gave up on german Hip-Hop.

Q: Who is the king of rap
A: Pac on the West, BIG on the East.

Q: Thanks for answering my first question man. So another one: in your second evolution video, you put Yeah by Usher in there. Some viewers argued that Usher isn't hip hop because he's a singer, not a rapper. Do you believe singers can also be hip hop?

A: He is a RnB singer. RnB is a derivative of Rap, Pop and Blues.
The song included rappers like Ludacris and Lil' Jon. RnB mixes well with Rap music and I wouldn't be surprised if RnB singers also are mentioned as a part of Hip-Hop. Nate Dogg for example didn't rap but he is a Hip-Hop artist.

Q: Can you make a Top 10,20 or 50  best rap groups/bands?
A: I will do one in the future.

Q: Can you make a top 50 hip hop songs since 2010 or top 50 new school songs?
A: I may do it in the future.

Q: What other types of music do you listen to besides rap/hip hop?
A: Old Pop songs and classic symphonies. I can listen to a lot of genres including Rock n Roll, Reggie and Jazz as long as its melodic and creative.

Q: What is your opinion on these diss songs?
50 Cent, EMINEM & Busta Rhymes - Hail Mary (Remix)
50 Cent - Your life's on the line
Mobb Deep - In The Long Run. Are these songs wack or good?
A: Classics!

Q: Best big L song
A: Put It On and Ebonics

Q: Wich 2 ( alive ) rappers should make a colab album ?
A: EMINEM & Canibus

Q: Last question : Im french, what s your favorite song of french rappers, this is hard for you because u dont understand lyrics but u should listen to iam & wu tang/ iam & methodman and redman (iam the best french rappers, they are two)
A: I will give french rap a try.

Q: Can Will Smith, Puff Daddy and Shaquil O'Neal  be consider as good hip hop artist because this is not there job before
(Now, this is jake and logan paul lmao)
A: I actually like Will Smith and Puff Daddy. They don't need to be the best lyricists, they added their own styles to Hip-Hop. They are good artists.

Q: Top 10 underground rappers?
A: Canibus, Immortal Technique, Vinnie Paz, Chino XL, MF Doom, K-Rino, Kool Keith, Sean Price, R.A. The Rugged Man & Jus Allah

Q: Best old School Hip-Hop songs
A: Nuthing But A G Thang
Shook Ones Pt. 2
C.R.E.A.M.
It Was A Good Day
Straight Outta Compton
NY State Of Mind
Juicy
The Message

I made 2 lists where you can find more: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF5aKI6FHgM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTlaQsdgT_8

Q: Do you like Old Lil Wayne?
A: No. His voice was better back then but he lacks delivery and substance.

Q: Top members of Wu tang clan in order (with shyheim and capadonna also if they werent real members of Wu tang)
A: Ghostface Killah
GZA
Method Man
Raekwon
Inspectah Deck
Ol Dirty Bastard
RZA
Shyheim
U-God
Masta Killa
Cappadonna

Q: Would you consider doing album reviews? Feel like that would be good content on your channel
A: It's hard to do reviews without recording yourself. I know there is nothing more easy than recording yourself, but that's something I don't want to do in the near future. Maybe one day though, I want to talk about new albums too.

Q: Would you think the old wc vs ec beef would have been better if it was Pac vs Nas? I think Nas is 100x better than biggie imo
A: No. Nas wasn't writing battle rhymes back then. He was more into poetry. Biggie always had hard punchlines and he fit more in the Gangster Rap bracket. Pac and Big had about an equal fan base and they were respected equally. It was perfect.

Q: Best New School Hip-Hop songs?
A: Kendrick Lamar - Alright
Joey Bada$$ - Christ Conscious
A$AP Ferg - Work
Tyler The Creator - Who Dat Boy
Logic - Walk On By

Q: Fave New school rapper?
A: Kendrick Lamar

Q: Best samples for u ?
A: I don't have a sample that I love the most but I like Jazz and old pop samples.

Q: Top collectif song( for me : Heal yourself & self destruction)
A: Those are the best. There are not many songs where artists come together to spread a message. The one I also like is "West Coast All Stars - We're All The Same Gang". It's against gang violence.

Q: Top 10 best featuring song ( for me, this is methodmanXredman da rockwilder)
A: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg - Nuthin' But A G Thang, Stil D.R.E, The Next Episode
Method Man & Redman - Rockwilder and How High Part 2.
JAY-Z & EMINEM - Renegade
2Pac & Biggie - Runnin'
Rakim, KRS-One & Nas - Classic
2Pac & Snoop Dogg - 2 Of Amerikaz Most Wanted
2Pac & Dr. Dre - California Love

Q: top 5 best female rapper ?
A: MC Lyte, Lauryn Hill, Queen Latifah, Lil Kim & Missy Elliott

Q: A good old school rapper and he is not famous?
A: Shyheim

Q: Top 5 New-School Songs?
A: Kendrick Lamar - Alright
Joey Bada$$ - Christ Conscious
A$AP Ferg - Work
Tyler The Creator - Who Dat Boy
Logic - Walk On By

Q: Oh, and will you please do top 50 wu tang and Biggie songs?
A: I will do those videos one day but I have to be careful with Biggies songs. Record Companies like Warner love to strike videos with his songs in it.

Q: Favourite snoop dogg song ( mine is it aint no fun)
A: Who Am I (What's My Name) but his debut album was 10 out of 10. Love every single song on it.3Embed